I don't think there is a particular career risk that I can point Thio
there was that truly gave me any sort of anxiety, but I think it's more
more, I think you know what? What, what types of duty stations do
you want to go to type thing? Perhaps. I think going to Japan was
a risk, you know, But it was more risk in that it was going to strain
my marriage. Not necessarily a bad away. But, you know, we were newly
married relatively, and we decided to go to Japan with where there
was a high operational tempo. So I was gonna have way had a fresh
marriage, and we're gonna be separated relatively shortly after being
married. You know that that was a risk. I ended up working out. Well,
for us, that was they'd been in the end, it made us both stronger.
But I can't say that I have had a particular career risk, a choice
that I've made the biggest risk I could say. I guess I would say,
Is it going to school going back to school at the time that I did?
Because this type of education is not always seen fondly from a career
perspective